{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh14400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Bad Weather\

\b0\fs24 It was an awful day to go out and shoot but that's when you usually find the drama. Black & white colors in this composition intensifies the poor weather and makes the dead pine stand out from the mist. This view could be from a horror movie and makes you want to wrap up in blankets with hot chocolate and good book.\
\
Location: Lehtisaari, Helsinki
\b\fs28 \
\
Beams of Light\

\b0\fs24 Close up shot of a spruce with beams of light hitting the lens trough dense forest in the background. Sun was about to set but you could still sense the warmth of light for a while. Sometimes you just don't need a majestic view to enjoy the sunset.\
\
Location: National park of Nuuksio, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Birch of Fall\

\b0\fs24 It was late October at Repovesi and leaves of this birch were as colorful as they get. Not long till they were all gone. Enjoying the fall while it still lasted. \
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Boulders\

\b0\fs24 This would make a nice home for a troll, don't you think? Even though those rocks were majestic, it wasn't too easy to find a composition for this view. Luckily that moss and grass brought some color and interest to foreground while shades of those rock walls made for a nice contrast.\
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Bridge of Colors\

\b0\fs24 From red to yellow to green. Transition of those colors is so smooth that you could almost think it's a painting. It was a cloudy day at Repovesi but this composition didn't even need that spectacular light to make a nice image. Colors and details did it.\
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola 
\b\fs28 \
\
Cake\

\b0\fs24 Are you hungry? You are now. Who could resist a cake this good looking?\
\
Location: -
\b\fs28 \
\
Campfire\

\b0\fs24 Bunch of luck was required to achieve this composition. I had set my exposure at 30 seconds but it would have been nothing without the smoke from the campfire. Smoke made for a perfectly smooth canvas for the fire to paint it during that exposure. Metal rack and hook adds the final touch with nice contrast to it.\
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Campsite\

\b0\fs24 This composition consists of two separate exposures. One before the sunset and one after. First one was to get the colors and brightness and the second one was solely to bring out the light coming from the tent and to add some contrast to overall look. This would have been impossible without a tripod. And some patience.\
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Church\

\b0\fs24 It might not be the biggest church but atmosphere is what counts. Black and white colors adds a touch of drama to it.\
\
Location: Perkkaa, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Cloudy Sky Full Of Stars\

\b0\fs24 It was a quiet evening at the campsite and clouds began to break little bit so that you could see the endless amount of stars at the sky. Sunset had been a good while ago so there were only some purple tones left to paint the clouds.
\b\fs28 \
\

\b0\fs24 Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Cold Morning\

\b0\fs24 Getting up early in the morning, grabbing your camera gear and going to a location is always a gamble. You either get a good image or you don't. Luckily this location had a pretty nice composition to offer. Multiple leading lines, crisp pieces of ice floating in the foreground, ice coated rocks and the rising sun makes a nice image with smooth colors and great contrast.\
\
Location: Lauttasaari, Helsinki
\b\fs28 \
\
Colorful Moss\

\b0\fs24 Straight out of fantasy books. At the same time it looks beautiful yet poisonous. Needles add some nice details in the foreground.\
\
Location: National park of Nuuksio, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Creek & Woods\

\b0\fs24 Flowing water always makes for a good image. Add a few seconds to your exposure with a tripod and you can't usually go wrong. Those deep green colors makes you want to go out and enjoy the nature.\
\
Location: National park of Nuuksio, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Dance Of Colors\

\b0\fs24 This sunset lacked no color. It was absolutely amazing how those deep colors painted the sky and the sea. Details of waves and clouds add for a final touch. Going out to shoot this location was a last minute decision and definitely worth it.\
\
Location: Lauttasaari, Helsinki
\b\fs28 \
\
Dead Wood\

\b0\fs24 Texture, details and colors of this dead wood are just amazing. Not to mention that it looks little bit like a crown. However, finding the right composition wasn't too easy. Fortunately this turned out better than expected.\
\
Location: Isle of Paavola, Lohja
\b\fs28 \
\
Duck\

\b0\fs24 Well hello there. This duck wasn't afraid at all but maybe it was only after some goodies.\
\
Location: Pit\'e4j\'e4nm\'e4ki, Helsinki
\b\fs28 \
\
Flower\

\b0\fs24 Beautiful roses are beautiful, no matter what. It's a shame that nothing lasts forever. However, enjoying the beauty while it lasts make these moments special.\
\
Location: -\
\

\b\fs28 Frozen\

\b0\fs24 Close up shot of a frozen creek. It was the coldest day of the January in Finland and temperature had dropped to -25c. This sudden change in temperature combined with a sunny day made this shot possible. Water can indeed have many forms and here's one of them.\
\
Location: National park of Nuuksio, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Frozen Creek\

\b0\fs24 Keep moving and you might not freeze. Sugar coated benches and cold water flowing beneath layers of ice and snow is really an eye catching combination. Fast exposure used to add some contrast between the snow and water. \
\
Location: National park of Nuuksio, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Hiking At Olhava\

\b0\fs24 This was taken during my first, a two night, solo hike at Repovesi. Setting up the tripod for a nice composition with right focus was little tricky. Not to mention that ten seconds for a self-timer is a pretty short time when you have to run with a heavy backpack and find that right pose in time. Grey sky makes it look pretty dramatic even though it was absolutely beautiful view from up there.\
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Ice Cold Creek\

\b0\fs24 Almost frozen. Smooth edges of ice reflecting the light and dead branch dividing the flow into two is what really catches the eye. Also reflection from golden tones of sunset in the background adds a nice touch to overall feeling of it.
\b\fs28 \
\

\b0\fs24 Location: National park of Nuuksio, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Little Pine\

\b0\fs24 Not the tallest one but definitely an eye catching beautiful little pine. There was still some light left and the setting sun washes the pine with its warmth. That particular hike in the national park of Nuuksio was really a success with lots of beautiful views.  \
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Mighty Wall of Olhava\

\b0\fs24 It would have been nice if sunrise had painted the wall of Olhava with warm colors but unfortunately it was too cloudy for that to happen. However, it was absolutely still and the reflection in the lake is almost surreal. You could almost flip it upside down and have trouble telling which is which. You might also want to know that this particular wall is the tallest climbing wall in Finland.\
\
Location: National park of Repovesi, Kouvola
\b\fs28 \
\
Mini Waterfall of Stromberginkoski B&W\

\b0\fs24 Wet rocks and flowing water definitely offers a great contrast and black & white colors intensifies that even more. It was a sunny day which also adds a nice touch to those wet rocks.\
\
Location: Pit\'e4j\'e4nm\'e4ki, Helsinki\

\b\fs28 \
Mini Waterfal of Stromberginkoski\

\b0\fs24 Imagine that this little but still pretty big waterfall can be found in the capital of Finland. It is kind of a hidden gem and definitely worth visiting if you have a chance. Red and yellow colored leaves flowing down the rocks add a nice little detail to the overall feeling of this.\
\
Location: Pit\'e4j\'e4nm\'e4ki, Helsinki
\b\fs28 \
\
Moon\

\b0\fs24 Sun may have set but there's still someone shining bright at the sky. It's amazing how pink sky turned that evening and it was no surprise that we weren't the only ones there.\
\
Location: Lauttasaari, Helsinki
\b\fs28 \
\
Morning mist\

\b0\fs24 It was a Sunday morning but the alarm had been set to 5:30 am. Going out early and staying out late is definitely one of the biggest challenges for a landscape photographer but those are also the most rewarding moments. Usually they are the only times of the day when magical conditions appear. Excluding moments before and after the storm. This was no exception. Visibility was less than 50 meters and even though there wasn't any light, it was almost surreal scenery at the shore.
\b\fs28 \
\

\b0\fs24 Location: Westend, Espoo
\b\fs28 \
\
Natures Art\
\
\
Oak Of Paavola\
\
\
Otherwordly Creek\
\
\
Pine Of Persistence\
\
\
Pink Sky\
\
\
Pink Sunset\
\
\
Repovesi In October\
\
\
Shooting The Sunset\
\
\
Smooth Sunset\
\
\
Snowstorm\
\
\
Snowy\
\
\
Starsky\
\
\
Stone Bridge\
\
\
Sunset Of Seurasaari\
\
\
Sunset\
\
\
Suspension Bridge Of Lapinsalmi\
\
\
Swans\
\
\
Table Full of Goodies\
\
\
Trail\
\
\
Tree\
\
\
Viewtower\
\
\
Warm Skyline\
\
\
Winterscape\
\
\
Woods\
\
\
Yellow Birch}